So fast!
[KAEDE] Just look at how far
we've come in no time at all!
It's super handy to have a
tamed monster that can fly.
The ground may be
crawling with monsters,
but up here, we're
safe and sound!
True. Sadly, our destination
is still pretty far away.
Yeah. Even with the
map scaled way down,
I still can't see the
edge of the field.
Let's move fast before
the north dungeon
gets swallowed up, too.
I hope our base is doing okay.
[MONSTERS laughing]
How'd it look?
[BLAZING BROTHER B] Got quite
a few of them out there.
[BLAZING BROTHER C]
It's just a matter of time
before they come after us.
[BLAZING BROTHER A]
I thought so.
Well, what should we do?
A few traps are scattered
throughout the cave.
We will survive as long
as we stay here.
Right, I hear you.
You wanna repay Maple's
group for their help.
Keeping the area
around the base safe
from attacks sounds good to me.
You count me in, sis!
Oh, my! That is a truly
beautiful sentiment!
I'm in. I think we all
deserve a little time
in the spotlight. Right?
True!
It's like they say, the best
defense is a good offense!
Is everyone in agreement?
I say we take the initiative!
All right, then let's go!
[ALL]
Yeah!
[ALL yelling]
[BLAZING BROTHERS]
Nope! We couldn't do it!
[GROUP screaming]
[GROUP yelps]
[TSUKIMI] Bear, bear, bear,
bear, bear, bear, bear, bear!
[MAY]
Up there!
[BOTH]
Power Share!
[MAY]
Tsukimi!
[TSUKIMI]
Bear!
[DREAD]
You girls are scary.
[MARCUS] You should see it
from up here, it's even worse.
[DREAD] Look alive! We should
be getting close to where
Sally said the dungeon would be.
[MARCUS]
Hey, you think that's it?
[TSUKIMI]
Bear!
[DREAD]
So far, so good.
Now, Clear. Invisibility!
[MAY, YUI gasping]
Does this mean
nobody can see us?
[MARCUS]
Mm.
But it doesn't work
on every monster,
so you still have
to be careful, 'kay?
[DREAD]
Huh?
[MAY, YUI gasping]
[MARCUS]
This is... one of those things
where they all attack us as
soon as they sense us, isn't it?
So, what should we do?
I'm not sure we can handle
that much at one time.
It'll be difficult for us to
beat that many monsters.
[DREAD]
I've got this. Shadow. Awaken!
[SHADOW growls]
[DREAD]
Everybody ready? Shadow World!
[MAY, YUI scream]
Oh, wow...
Look up there!
[MAY gasping]
Follow me, we're gonna
cut across thing.
[MAY, YUI]
Uh, right!
[DREAD] All right,
one pointless fight avoided.
[MARCUS chuckles]
Now I know that if I ever set
a trap for you, you'll probably
just slip right through it.
Wow, you're amazing, Dread!
You saved us!
Thank you very much!
Eh, it's cool. Plus,
you're not off the hook
since I'm gonna need
your massive firepower
when we face off against
the big boss. Sound fair?
[BOTH gasping]
[MARCUS laughs]
Typical Maple Tree.
[DREAD]
That's for sure.
Okay, time for the big fight.
Marcus, May, Yui--
you guys ready?
Yep. I'm good.
[MAY, YUI]
Yeah, bring on the boss battle!
[DREAD]
Let's go.
[ALL grunt]
Earth Wall!
[DREAD] Get ready, you two.
I'll create an opening.
[MAY, YUI]
Leave it to us!
[DREAD]
Shadow! Shadow Pack!
[SHADOW'S CLONES howling]
[DREAD] Looks like we'll have
to use magic. Wind Cutter!
[DREAD]
Huh?
It's time to use
the special ball...
...that Iz made for us!
[CATFISH MONSTER A groaning]
[MAY, YUI grunting]
That should do it, Dread!
It's all yours!
[DREAD] Not what I was
expecting, but okay!
Septuple Slash!
[CATFISH MONSTER A groans]
[DREAD]
Whoa, there!
May! Yui! We need one more shot!
[MAY, YUI]
Right!
[YUI grunts]
[CATFISH MONSTER A sputtering]
[MAY, YUI]
Double Strike!
[BOTH]
It's still alive?
[DREAD]
May! Yui! Get back!
Your turn, Marcus!
[MAY, YUI gasping]
[MARCUS]
Remote Trap! Earth Wall!
Barrier! Bastion!
Makeshift Castle!
[DREAD]
How long will that last?
Maybe around 30 seconds,
if we're lucky.
[DREAD] That's plenty.
I'll take it from here!
Super Speed!
Shadow! Shadow Dive!
Godspeed! Top Speed!
[DREAD]
Double Slash!
[CATFISH MONSTER A screams]
[MAY]
Dread!
[YUI]
Are you all right?
[DREAD]
Yep. Not even a scratch.
[MARCUS]
Oh. Looks like we got a medal.
[YUI]
Huh?
You're right! Yay!
Yeah, way to go, Sis!
How many does that bring us to?
[MAY]
Uh, not sure. Um, five, I think?
Great, Dread and the others
have conquered the dungeon.
Not surprising. And since
they did it so fast,
May and Yui must have
done their part to help out.
Look. There's something
up ahead.
[IZ] Nice, it's just
like Sally told us.
[KANADE] It definitely has
a dungeon vibe to it, huh?
[PAYNE]
Yes. This must be it.
Huh? We went straight
to the boss room.
At least it wasn't hard to find.
[PAYNE]
Shall we enter? Misery.
Right. And if it ends up being
a trap, then I'll be ready
with damage nullification
and healing magic.
Thanks.
[ALL]
Awaken!
[PAYNE]
That's it?
I get it. It's one of those.
It's the type of enemy that can
summon other monsters.
I'm also willing
to bet that they'll
probably have
long-range attacks.
Well, at least we have
a plan for this scenario.
[KANADE] All right, then.
I'm gonna go buy us some time.
High Wave and Magic Block!
Large Scale Magic Barrier!
Bell. Your turn!
[BELL meows]
Holy Dragon Light Blade!
[PAYNE]
Ray, let's go!
Holy Spear!
Fay! Let's use Strengthen Item!
[yells]
Go, Tornado!
[PAYNE] Ray! Shooting Star!
Sword of Judgment!
[KANADE]
That was pretty easy.
Yes, and it seems we had the
correct combination of members.
I got a little nervous when
the summoned monsters
suddenly multiplied, but
we still managed to win!
[gasps] And it appears
we've just received a medal.
What now?
We've still got more time
before the sun sets.
We'll try searching
for the next dungeon.
With four of us, I'm sure we
could handle a few more.
--[KANADE] Yeah!
--[IZ] Right!
[KUROMU]
That's one hell of a sandstorm.
We won't be able to see
any monsters in this.
They could sneak up on us.
[KASUMI] Shin, couldn't you use
your Split-Sword to help?
Huh? Good idea!
If anything's out there,
I'll detect it.
Worth a shot. Split Sword!
Surround Formation!
[SHIN]
Hm.
There is something out there.
Fortunately, I don't
think it's a monster.
[KUROMU]
Guess we'll keep moving, then.
'Kay. You can uncoil now.
[HAKU hisses]
[grunts]
[KUROMU grunts]
[KUROMU grunting]
This it?
Seems so. Good job, Kuromu.
We finally hit the jackpot, eh?
[KUROMU]
Yep. It's a dungeon entrance.
[SHIN grunting]
Gotta say, walking on
swords is a new one.
[SHIN]
I got the idea from Maple.
She taught me that
skills can be used
in all sorts of unique ways.
[SHIN grunting]
[SHIN]
We made it through.
[KUROMU]
Nothing's here.
[SHIN]
Wait. Check out that sand pile.
We just found the bosses.
Earth! Shaking Earth!
[EARTH roars]
Wen. Wind God!
[WEN]
Wen!
[KUROMU]
Necro! Flames of Death!
[yells]
[KASUMI grunts]
Ah! Hey! Be careful, Kasumi!
Damn it! Got no choice.
Earth, it's time for Earth Rage!
[EARTH grunts]
Split-Sword!
Blood Blade!
They've shifted!
It doesn't matter!
We'll just take them
head-on instead!
[KUROMU]
I'll keep them busy!
The rest of you,
finish them off!
[SHIN] Got it! Let's start
with the scorpion!
[KUROMU]
Necro. Armored: Strong!
Provocation!
[KUROMU]
Reflect Impact!
[DRAG]
Fissure!
Split-Sword!
Spearhead Formation!
Warrior Arms. Iron... Cutter!
One left! Let's go!
Right!
[KASUMI, SHIN grunt, yell]
[SNAKE MONSTER A hisses]
Well, that was over
quicker than I expected.
What now? You guys wanna
hit up another spot?
[DRAG]
Sounds good to me.
Though, with that sandstorm,
we'd be putting Kuromu
through even more trouble.
[KUROMU]
I wouldn't call it trouble.
I'll use my great shield
to split the sand
so we can keep moving.
[GARGOYLE MONSTERS roar]
[KAEDE]
Right, Commence Attack!
[RISA]
Fireball!
[GARGOYLE MONSTERS scream]
Multi-Firebolt!
[MII]
Flame!
[GARGOYLE MONSTERS scream]
Stupid monsters!
Ugh, we've been
fighting forever.
There's probably
a dungeon close by.
Oh. Another medal?
They're fast, huh?
Then we must hurry as well.
[RISA]
Look! What's that?
[GARGOYLE MONSTERS laughing]
You guys think it's the entrance
to the dungeon?
Wanna try to move closer?
We'll be fine as long as
Maple's protecting us, right?
Yeah, but I'm scared
of what'll happen
if something uses
a piercing attack.
Although, we might be okay
if we just fly straight into it.
Fly in... on you...?
Yep, on me!
You can all just grab on!
[FREDERICA] Whoa. I didn't
know it could fly, too.
That's convenient, huh?
Does it have wings somewhere
because I sure don't see any.
[KAEDE]
Hold on tight everyone!
[FREDERICA]
Um, like this?
[MII]
Right. This good?
Yup! Your turn, Sally!
[RISA]
Web User!
Right. We're ready to launch.
Hold on, "launch"?
[gasps] I just realized
the thing that almost
crushed us to death during the
guild competition was this.
[KAEDE]
Commence Attack!
[MII, FREDERICA screaming]
[KAEDE] Whew! Nailed it!
Nice landing, right?
[BOTH groaning]
I saw my game life flash
before my eyes. Am I alive?
Hey! I thought it would be
normal flying Sally. Ugh!
[RISA] C'mon, I made it
so you wouldn't fall.
[FREDERICA] That was not
my point and you know it!
Shh!
Yikes! A fake Maple?
Wait. Uh, you mean me?
Well, to be fair,
it's quite Maple-esque.
Multi-Barrier! Notes! You're up!
[NOTES humming]
[ALIEN-LIKE MONSTER A roars]
It's strong!
Ignis!
Wow, nice one, Mii!
Keep your guard up.
Maple, I think it's time for
that special-once-a-day skill.
Huh! Great idea! Atrocity!
[ALIEN-LIKE MONSTER A roars]
Ugh... I only have
bad memories of that.
[KAEDE] Ah! Oh, no.
An Armor-piercing attack?
Ignis! Inferno!
On it! Multi-Pressure attack!
[ALIEN-LIKE MONSTER A grunting]
[RISA]
Ice Pillar!
Quintuple Slash!
[ALIEN-LIKE MONSTER A roars]
[KAEDE]
Sally! Be careful.
I don't want you
to get trampled!
[KAEDE yelps]
[KAEDE screams]
[KAEDE]
That does it! Payback time!
[ALIEN-LIKE MONSTER A groans]
[RISA] Maple! You might
wanna back up a few feet!
[KAEDE grunts]
[KAEDE gasping]
Ow...
[RISA]
Maple!
[FREDERICA, MII]
No!
[gasping]
[ALIEN-LIKE MONSTER A groaning]
Close call! I made it out!
[MII sighs]
So cool.
Let's finish this!
Frederica, Mii,
and Maple--get ready!
'Kay!
We're ready whenever
you are, Sally!
Syrup. Prep Spirit Cannon!
Turtle!
[FREDERICA]
Give me a sec!
I'll put some buffs on you guys!
Quick. Spirited Away!
[yells]
Super Speed!
[ALIEN-LIKE MONSTER A grunts]
[RISA]
Pinpoint Attack!
[ALIEN-LIKE MONSTER A grunts]
Maple! Your turn!
[KAEDE]
Deploy Armaments!
[FREDERICA] Here's the final
touch! Notes! Amplify!
[NOTES grunts]
Karmic Fire of Carnage!
Commence Attack, now!
Syrup, Spirit Cannon!
[KAEDE] Great job, everyone!
That was a huge success!
Yes. Seems it went well
for your group, too.
It was easy for us.
But that's not too
surprising since
we had Payne in our group.
Everyone was so strong!
And that's how we
were able to win!
Base Defenders. Thank you, too!
Did things go well?
Yep! We stayed and
protected the base
and definitely didn't
lose to any monsters.
Yes, precisely!
We fulfilled our duty
without any sort of
incident whatsoever.
That's great!
We were able to get
a ton of medals thanks
to all of your help!
Thanks a lot, guys!
Please. If anything,
we should be thanking you.
Fighting together proved
to be a smart strategy.
[SECRETARY A] They've
collected a lot of medals.
[ADMIN A]
Yes.
But if we make the
monsters stronger than
Maple and her friends,
it wouldn't be very fair.
The normal players
wouldn't stand a chance
against enemies of that caliber.
[ADMIN B]
To make things even worse,
they're all on the alert for
nighttime attacks now, too.
[ADMIN C]
Why are they so active?
It may be a game, but
they should at least try
and rest a little
during the night.
[ADMIN A]
So should we.
[ADMIN D] You're right, but
our problem right now is
the third day. If they get
any additional medals,
we'll be stuck working
even more overtime!
[ADMINS groan]
[ADMIN A]
Uh, don't worry!
I'm sure our next creation
will serve us well.
[ALIEN-LIKE MONSTER B growls]
[SECRETARY A]
Entering day three in:
five, four, three, two, one.
[KAEDE]
Well, it's the third day now.
What's gonna happen?
If I had to guess,
it might be even worse
than the first two days.
[KUROMU] We've already
got more than enough
medals, though. Now all
we have to do is survive
to the end and we're golden.
We could just lay low in
here all day if we wanted.
True. It sort of reminds me
of the second event.
Whoa. Sally, look over there!
[ALIEN-LIKE MONSTER B roars]
Um, isn't that the gate
we went into yesterday?
Looks like it.
It's the third day,
so we might see a
lot of those gates.
This is bad. If an entire
group of those attack us,
keeping everybody alive
will not be a simple task.
[BLAZING BROTHERS gasping]
It might be dangerous
to stay here.
There wouldn't be a way
to escape them.
True. To add to that point--
even more powerful monsters
will show up toward the end.
Being flexible in our movements
would be a smart move.
[GROUP grunts]
All right! This time, we're
all going out on the attack!